Patricia. Yeah, Patricia. So because...
We have lots of vegetables and guacamole on top of that.
Yeah... I love guacamole. Yeah.
Avocado? Yeah, I love avocado. Yeah, yeah.
Barbecue?
Ah... Chimichanga.
It's a fried burrito, right?
It's ho, it's ha.
That's what I'm gonna say.
I don't know.
Aah...
So...
Oh.
Oh, I see. That makes sense. That makes sense.
Yeah. But I think, I think Americans are good at taking the...
Mexican food into American eyes making it more unhealthy.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yachan maybe you need...
Um... like um... Lu Lucille?
Yeah, I like that too. Once in a while.
Yeah... Yeah, that's true
Yeah.
Eh, and then you can't really cook it at out.
Do you like the... like barbecue ribs or steak more?
Yeah. That nice too.
Do you get like medium or medium rare or well done.
Let them work a little more.
What's the difference? I don't really know.
Oh... dairy.
Aaah...
On the side? Yeah.
I don't think I had that much Wagyu.
Yeah... Yeah.
But just hearing it, I think I would like the American one and get the, get rid of the panning part. Yeah.
Really?
Oh.
Yeah. I see.
Yeah... Yeah, that's true.
Yeah.
Well, what do you put on your steak?
Oh...
That seem pretty good. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I think I like it salt and pepper and also horseradish.
Yeah, Yeah.
And sometimes I put it too much so I have to hit my head.
Yeah.
Oh, garlic. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh, outside, more meat. Yeah. That's too much to eat.
Yeah.
Yeah, Once in a while we get together and do the Oh. Hai.